# RSE-Survey-2016

This project is the statistical analysis of the RSE survey conducted from March to May 2016. The available data are anonymous. 

* [R/](R/) -- All the R scripts
    * [functions.R](R/libs/functions.R) -- Own functions
    * [cleaning.R](R/cleaning.R) -- Producing the clean dataset to perform the analysis
    * [univariate_analysis.R](R/univariate_analysis.R) -- Actual code to produce the step of univariate analysis

* [data/](data/) -- Contains all data, dataset or external information

    * [dataset/](data/dataset) --  Contains the dataset used in the analysis - From the survey itself
        * [592_full_clean.csv](data/592_full_clean.csv) -- Cleaned and anonymised dataset generated with the [cleaning.R script](R/cleaning.R). This is the actual data used in all the analysis
        * [emails_list.csv](data/dataset/emails_list.csv) -- All emails address from the participants \[NOT AVAILABLE FOR PUBLIC\]
        * [SurveyID18932.csv](data/dataset/SurveyID18932.csv) -- Raw data directly imported from the isurvey. Only used with the [cleaning.R script](R/cleaning.R) to generate the [592_full_clean.csv](data/592_full_clean.csv) \[NOT AVAILABLE FOR PUBLIC\]

    * [data/external_dataset](data/external_dataset) -- Contain data collected from external source than the survey itself
        * [staff_1415_table_B.csv](data/external_dataset/staff_1415_table_B.csv)  -- Extracted/converted information from the original [staff_1415_table_B.xlsx](data/external_dataset/staff_1415_table_B.xlsx)
        * [staff_1415_table_B.xlsx](data/external_dataset/staff_1415_table_B.xlsx) -- Information collected from [HESA](https://www.hesa.ac.uk/intros/staffintro1415) (accessed on the 02/07/16) to get information about the repartition of salary in academy in UK. 
        * [gender_disciplines.csv](data/dataset/external_dataset/gender_disciplines.csv) -- Information about the repartition of gender per disciplines in UK education #FIXME -- source of data 
    * [misc/](/data/misc) --  Contains several data that are needed in the analysis
        * [list_educations.csv](data/dataset/list_educations.csv) -- list of the different type of field. Used the [JACS coding system](https://www.hesa.ac.uk/jacs3) taxinomy. 


* [exploratory_analysis_files/](exploratory_analysis_files/) -- Plots generated by the univariate analysis using [exploratory_analysis.Rmd](exploratory_analysis.Rmd)

* [exploratory_analysis.Rmd](exploratory_analysis.Rmd) -- Report to generate univariate analysis (exploratory) 

* [exploratory_analysis.html](exploratory_analysis.html) -- Generated html file from the [exploratory_analysis.Rmd](exploratory_analysis.Rmd) using Knitr

* [exploratory_analysis.md](exploratory_analysis.md) -- Generated markdown file from the [exploratory_analysis.Rmd](exploratory_analysis.Rmd) using Knitr. This file is viewable in github website

* [career_path_report.Rmd](career_path_report.Rmd) -- Report to generate analysis about the career path and the satisfaction at work \[WORK IN PROGRESS\]

* [career_path_report.html](career_path_report.html) -- Generated html file from the [career_path_report.Rmd](career_path_report.Rmd) using Knitr \[WORK IN PROGRESS\]

* [career_path_report.md](career_path_report.md) -- Generated markdown file from the [career_path_report.Rmd](career_path_report.Rmd) using Knitr. This file is viewable in github website \[WORK IN PROGRESS\]

* [README.md](README.md) -- This file 

* [LICENCE](LICENCE) -- GNU General Public Licence Version 3

* [.gitignore](.gitignore) -- Ignore temp files from R processes and raw datasets
